                                             HOW TO LEARN JAVA
                 
                All one requires to learn something is willingness to learn.There is no age to learn.This article 
 is all about learning java.
                 

                First of all,let us know what actually java is. Java is an object-oriented programming language 
 that produces software for multiple platforms. When a programmer writes a Java application, the compiled code 
(known as bytecode) runs on most operating systems (OS), including Windows, Linux and Mac OS. Java derives much
 of its syntax from the C and C++ programming languages. 

                Secondly,what one should know about self for learning java.You require certain ability in order
to learn java.These qualities includes (a)willingness to learn java  (b)your ability to write for hours (c)your
dedication to learn simplest of thing with great attention (d)your interest in technological field,and so on.

                  Thirdly,it is no big deal to learn java.It is as simple as learning other thing in your life.
Their are multiple ways to learn learn java like one can beginning to learn from class VI onwards opting computer
as one of the subject or one may start to learn even before by having some private tutor having complete knowledge
of java,the same thing can be done later on even in life when one want to learn java.Beside these,one may opt for
online mode to learn lava.In brief,

>Brush up on the basics- Don’t get lured by the idea of learning Java on your own. It may be a deep 
understanding of Core Java & learn to create reusable codes. considered as an easy-to-understand language,
 but you need to get professional assistance & training in Java Bootcamp to build a solid foundation in this
 language. 

>Practice Code daily- To be the best Java programmer, you need to acquire technical competency as theoretical
 knowledge alone won’t sail you through. It is crucial to know Java’s real-world implementations, syntax, 
inheritance, classes, object, & abstraction.

> Write & deploy Java codes daily to gain expertise.

>Ignore the Myths about Java- Since Java is a relatively old programming language, many people believe Java is no 
longer worth learning. However, it is not true; a quick search on the top programming languages reveals that Java 
is still the most popular language in the programming world. Learning a coding language like Java & becoming a Java 
Developer will increase your career prospects and provide long-term benefits.

>Connect with the online developers’ community & read about Java- Apart from joining a Java Bootcamp, you should 
focus on enriching your Java knowledge through online sources. Search for coding websites, subscribe to the
 newsletters for daily updates in technology and listen to developers’ coding podcasts. It will help you cope with 
the latest market trends.

>Career-Oriented Java Training- Through Job-focused Java training, you can acquire the necessary skills and 
experience in core and advanced level Java. Thereby, you can secure several job options like Java Developer, 
Solution Architect, Scrum Master, DevOps Engineer, Business Analyst, etc. 

                     By following these few steps and tips you can become a champ of java.Here,are few website 
you should refer to learn java in best possible way with minimal of your spending or no spending:
>codecademy/java.com
>javapoint.com
>simplilearn.com
>sanfoundry.com/java

Refer to https://www.tutorialcup.com/java for more information.            

